The Joe Rogan experience. She was 18. It's only one.
I, I try to stay off a pornography, man.
That's one of my biggest arch nesis is <laugh>, uh, pornography. Why?
Cause it just weakens me. It just, yeah. How so? I put all my sexual,
you know, my fantasies and stuff. They're not my anymore, you know, they live,
you know, somebody created 'em better than my imagination can.
And so they live in these, you know, on the internet,
in these boxes and it's like, and if it's not mine, I think then it's,
I don't value it as much or something. And so I think it,
it like weakens my ability to like,
be able to have sex and like be comfortable in, or the world and really oh yeah.
Weakens your ability to be comfortable. Like how so?
Well, because I get used to watching the sex
and seeing it and not having to like,
be engaged with my actual feelings or anything.
So then I see it and I still get all the joys out of it. You know,
I'm still out there e-jacking and, you know, spraying out natural spraying,
but it's, I don't get any, I don't have any of the feelings attached to it.
So then when I am engaging with somebody that I care about or something,
it just doesn't calculate for me emotionally as well. Hmm. I,
and that's not, maybe that's just me. Uh, but it does.
It's definitely made it tougher for me over the years. Um,
cuz I would have a date set up with a nice girl and next thing you know,
I'm walking through the house and I start thinking about, you know,
a little bit of ussy or something and then some or something I'll even see a,
I'll see a pregnant puppy and see those nipples or something.
And the next thing you know,
you're on the internet jerking off and then you wait a minute, hold on.
Or like a, you know what I'm saying? Anything <laugh>,
anything could lead a man, a Jack off a, a pregnant.
Puppy could make you thinking about human nipples. Is that what you're saying?
You're not like getting excited about the puppy. No.
No, I don't do anything. I don't,
I don't believe in bestiality or anything like that. But I think if you, you.
Don't believe it exists or.
I believe it exists, right? They caught a dude near me one time with a lamb.
No, which almost sounds beautiful when you just say it. Yeah.
The lines lay with the lambs.
Yeah, but I don't think.
When you say near you, you mean in Hollywood? No. No, no. You.
Mean when you're a kid in Louisiana. Okay.
<laugh> they got a lot of people out there, uh.
Did on those natural born mushrooms. <laugh> I.
Know. Oh, I never told you at the end of that. Oh, sorry. So no,
I took that back of mushrooms to that party. Right. And a bunch of people ate.
Em.
Who'd never had 'em before Uh-oh and then we played a game of hide and go seek.
Right. I was like, oh no.
Yeah. Hide in another dimension. Oh, I was like.
I'll count. You guys go hide. Right? Oh no.
And I never went to look for it. <laugh>
that was the end of that, bro. I never seen one dude. This boy Timothy.
I've never seen that dude again. <laugh> um.
People get lost in the woodsmen. Maybe they got eaten.
Oh yeah. Maybe they ended up in another realm, you know, they could have like.
Stranger things. Yeah. Have you see.
That show? Oh yeah. The first season I saw it. Phenomenal show,
but I don't like that pornography. Oh. And I think it,
I think it should be shut down man. For real. Yeah.
Cuz I think it's killing like a lot of, I think it's,
I think it's harming a lot of men and I really, really do.
Okay. Do you think that booze should be shut down? Should we make booze illegal?
Cause that's killing a lot.
Of men too. No,
but I think eventually we'll kind of evolve out of booze as it's not like
something that it's not the hip drug that it once was.
Yeah. Still like a social lubricant. That's a good point. You know?
It makes people feel more comfortable talking to each other. Loosens,
inhibitions. It's fun. Like what is that? Uh, that ancient quote about wine,
you know, your tongue becoming more lively. People.
Love wine. Yeah. And women love wine too. Especially divorceese if you see.
Yeah, yeah. You like one,
I used to live with these rich people for a while and they always had one boy
<laugh>.
Why did divorceese like wine?
I don't know. But when, when one of her friends would get divorced,
they'd come over and just drink wine and they'd lay on the couch.
One of 'em tried to hook up with me on the trampoline. Of course did.
And I remember the dad used to at night over there.
This when and speaking of pornography,
the dad used to at night and I would sneak out there in the kitchen.
This is back when the family, you had like a family computer, you know? Right.
And he was in one part of the house. Right.
And I'd try to sneak to the refrigerator and get some chips or something. Oh.
Or get something olives or something. And he would, uh,
be over there by himself, just in the bone zone.
This where you can't even hear you're so intent on the screen.
You can't even hear. Whoa,
you could have your grandparents on each side of your head and you,
you caught 'em. Oh, I'd see. 'em I wouldn't watch for long,
but I would you watch it.
Through the window?
No, I'd sneak out to the kitchen. Cuz the computer was kind of in the kitchen.
They had a nice house. Right.
And the computer I'd have to elbow crawl over to the fridge and bro,
I would've to open the fridge a little reach in with my hand and press that
light thing. So the light wouldn't come on, then open the door,
the rest of the way and fish for a snack.
And he's over there just in the glow of that screen bro.
And that's back when the monitors were big, you know,
and he's just over there just looking for the devil <laugh> and
he ended up getting divorced and it was, I think it was because of that.
But what.
Was his wife like? Was she a wonderful sweet woman or.
Was she annoying? I think she might have been a little bit annoying.
Business-centric sometimes business centric.
A little too much.
Just how so? Yeah, maybe just too. Business-centric what does that mean?
When it just too, too? Yeah. She might have been a little too ending,
but then if he's up for an hour and a half each night out there, you know,
looking at it. All right. And he comes back to the bedroom,
then you don't feel as desirable. I Don know.
The question is what came first. The chicken of the egg. For what?
Well for them, was she annoying first? And he started beating off or was he,
I think he had it in him. Was he beat.
The devil? I think he had a pit of it in him. Yeah. The devil <laugh> yeah.
He had that devil in the Theo. I could see it in his eyes. He was talking to me,
just hoping I'd go to sleep. He would drug me, but not to have sex with me.
He would drug me so so that he could freely he'd leave his socks on.
He wouldn't even take his pants off. He was an animal. He put a hat on.
He was an animal.
<Laugh> the worst is if you're jerking off with a hat on bro,
you're going to hell. I think that's likeorara that's the worst bro.
<laugh> that's the most French thing you can do jacking.
Off. Williamsro Kentucky Derby hat. <laugh>.
I yeah.
Puts the worst hat to Jack off the worst hat to Jack. Probably a top hat.
Cause you have to balance yourself while you're jerk.
One of them chimney sweet hats. <laugh>.
Yeah. The best to be one of those Chinese hats, bro.
Cause if you squat down low enough to the ground,
you can almost hide under written jerk off, you know <laugh>
those things would be dope, bro.
The most confusing would be like one of them Daniel Boone, raccoon cap.
<laugh> yeah,
but you got that tail in your eye <laugh> you pushed the you're blowing the
tails in the way, the outta my way with his tail.
Oh right. About the finish. You get distracted by a tail. God.
<Laugh>.
Choking up dusty coonfer <laugh>.
And it's hard to when you're breathing out real fast, you know? Yeah.
It's more of an, it's more of a intake sport.
Yeah.
But I don't like him and you think it's healthy for people cuz I feel like you
kind of like, you know, you lead a lot of men in like their aspirations to,
you know, control their beings and stuff.
And these are just some of my weird interpretations, but you know,
to try and be on top of themselves in some ways and you know, stay focused on,
on,
on controlling themselves in positive ways,
you know like mm-hmm,
<affirmative> staying fed and expanding their minds and thinking, you know?
Yeah. And not falling into easy traps, having.
Discipline.
That's what I'm trying to say. Yes.
I think that it's definitely important to have discipline,
but I think that if you are a person like say, if you're not in a relationship,
you're not getting any sex and you're horny and it's confusing and it's
distracting. Mm-hmm <affirmative> it becomes a big distraction. Like if you're,
if you're horny and you're busy and you don't have anybody you're dating,
you don't wanna hook up with someone you don't like,
just so you could have sex with them. We've all been there before, right? Yeah.
If you ever had girls that you were friends with or you dated and the only
reason why he dated him for, for the sex and they,
they had a annoy the outta you and you couldn't wait to get the.
Away from them. Yeah. Tiffany's this girl I'm thinking about. Tell me about.
Tiffany.
She had kind of side like too much. I don't wanna say sideburns,
but she had a lot of <laugh> you know, some girls don't know how to ride 'em uh,
they were a little, they went.
Down the cheek where it got confusing dude.
An extra quarter inch on a female sideburn is way too much. It's a lot.
It is that extra.
Quarter inch is a lot. Yeah. Yeah.
<Laugh> it makes you think about, and if.
She cuts it, you're like, well, if you let it go, what would happen? Yeah.
True. So she's really in that hit or MIS range on that side hair. And so yeah,
she had some family issues, but yeah.
That's why I was thinking about what you were saying that I interrupted you. No.
Everybody guys have that before. Most likely.
And some guys wind up marrying those girls cause they don't wanna be alone.
Like sex for a lot of people is a requirement like a,
a biological requirement. Like your body is constantly producing sperm.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you need sex. If you spend time not having sex,
you spend a month, two months, three months, you get desperate. Yeah.
And a lot of guys wind up,
just shacking up with some gal just cuz they know they could have sex with her.
And meanwhile,
they don't even like each other and they hate each other and it wants it to be a
terrible dysfunctional relationship. But she's basically your drug dealer.
That drug is. Wow.
She's dealing out that for you and you just gotta have this weird, creepy,
dysfunctional relationship with her. One thing that pornography does, it's good.
And I'm not saying all pornography, but just regular pornography, like two guys,
uh, you know like, uh,
that are just living their lives.
Where like in like Chicago.
I mean anywhere, but I'm saying like I'm giving you two separate scenarios.
Okay. Like two guys are delivering their lives. One guy says,
I can't take this anymore. I gotta get a girl. You know, I gotta get any girl.
And he winds up with this girl that turns out to be a nightmare and she's
disaster the devil and it just doesn't work out and he's just doing it because
he needs sex. And the other guy goes and says, you know what?
I'm just gonna watch a little porn and I'll beat off.
I'll just look at that girl. Those big tastes. Oh yeah. I'm like, woo.
I got it outta my system. Now I can concentrate on my life, my career.
And if I meet somebody, I won't be so needy.
I won't have this like massive requirement to be sex,
really stimulated and touched. Yeah. I'll,
I'll be free of that monkey on my back and I can just get to know them.
Yeah. So I, I used to always, I used to have a bit in my act.
That's a good point. I used to have a bit in my act about like,
if you ever any critical decisions in your life,
this is my advice jerk off first. Then think about it. Cuz there's been,
I I've had this happen in my life where I was about to go on a date with a girl
mm-hmm <affirmative> and I jerked off instead. And I was like,
what am I thinking? I don't want to go on a date with her. Yeah. She's annoying.
I don't like anything about her. I don't, I can't talk to her about anything.
Like the only reason why I'm doing this, cuz she's got a big.
That's the only reason. Yeah. But if you jerk off first, you don't,
you don't go through all that.
Yeah. I, I just for, yeah.
I guess for me it became addictive where I would just do that every time.
And then I was just at home for five years and didn't, you know,
go do any dates or anything. That's definitely not good. Right.
And so that's yeah.
I guess that's the difference if you get addicted to it and you find that it's
just a repeat pattern. So you're not spending time with people at all. Yeah.
I don't think it's without value.
I don't think that looking at naked people having sex,
which is arousing and that feels good. I don't think that's without value,
but I think there's definitely a danger in like immediate access to
pornography. And today,
today it's the most immediate access cuz you get it on your phone.
Oh you can get it. Yeah. You pull up your laptop, open it up type.
In some words you porn.com, blah blah, blah. And next thing you know,
you're beating off. Yeah. It's so easy. And this has never been the case before.
I mean, it's, it's unlike any other time period in, in human history. And uh,
when you have instant access to things, you can abuse.
It just like people abuse food.
If you have a cabinet that is just filled with candy and
chips, chocolate bars, liquorish soda in the refrigerator.
If you're just one of those people that can't help themselves,
you don't have any discipline.
You will just eat all that all day long and get fat. Yeah.
And that is just as much of an addiction.
As someone who has access to porn all the time,
it just beats off all the time or someone who has access to booze.
And just like, once it get up every day, all those things are okay though,
in moderation, if you have discipline, right?
Like there's nothing wrong with having a bag of M and MSMS every now and then
for a, like, I feel like having some M and MSMS who gives a.
I work out all the time. I'm eating my vegetables, like peanut M and MSM.
I, those are my favorite.
They're good. Huh? I, you kind of trick yourself. I'm getting a little protein.
Yeah. Yeah. They put that trick in the middle. Just.
Get some healthy fats at that peanut.
<Laugh> but I get no, it's a good know what I I'm saying point.
I just feel like we're we're at the point for me,
it seems like where the temptation is too powerful where it's starting to
overpower whatever. Well,
for me it was whatever my natural abilities to defend against it were well, you.
Sober, right? Yeah. And how long you been sober? Almost.
Two years.
And so before you were sober, you weren't sober. Right.
And you had a little bit of a problem. Yeah. Which is why you became sober.
Yeah. So you might have just natural inclinations towards addiction. Yeah.
Which I definitely think are real. And I think they,
those natural inclinations exist a lot of times in guys like you and me cuz
we're comedians, mm-hmm <affirmative> and comedians are impulsive.
People who are just rule breakers. We're rule breakers. For sure.
Yeah. Yeah. I guess. Yeah. I, I, I, I am a rule breaker.
I never thought about that. Yeah. I don't like a, if the,
if there's a rule of my first thing is to think of a way to think around it or
something or to do something different. Of course. It's.
Why you're funny. Yeah.
It's one of the of reasons it's one of 'em it's one of the reasons why you're
funny, you know, like you,
you were raised were by people and you didn't necessarily wanna listen to 'em
and you know,
you saw a bunch of other people in the neighborhood that were adults,
like these idiots telling me what to do, this. And the next thing you know,
you're making fun of them. Next thing you know, everybody's laughing.
Next thing you know, you're a comedian, you,
that those wheels have been put into motion. Yeah. You know,
and the problem with that is that also leads itself to you wanna do Coke
or you wanting to, you know, do all kinds of crazy and, and porn too.
Porn's forbidden too.
Porn is porn is one of the weirder ones because it's this multi-billion dollar
thing. Right.
Where there's some ungodly percentage of the internet is dedicated to.
Porn. Yeah. It's the number one money maker on there. But isn't.
It like,
what was the Nu the amount of bandwidth Jamie didn't we figure this out once it
was like 30 something percent of all the internet bandwidth is porn. Let's say,
guess.
People won't stop jerking off. They're.
Not gonna stop. I wonder how many of 'em are women.
Watching it? I wonder if we had one day, nobody jerked off.
If the earth would feel different, it would feel lighter.
Everybody be more.
Relaxed. No. If, if one day where nobody jerked off. Yeah.
But if no one was thinking about it at all, every body would just calm down.
A little. Cause I feel like it's so prevalent.
Now you can hear people coming in the distance. I feel like now. Yeah.
<laugh> yeah. You just put your, your you're gonna turn into a,
you're gonna literally turn into a monkey one day. <laugh>
that's the worst, bro. But that's that old fashioned jerking off.
When you used to let your S hit your hand, that's a straight up,
that's a Confederate soldier, jerking off that's the whole,
I should jerk it off. The new thing is just shaft. Only.
Nobody's with their balls anymore. You know, dude, when I was growing up,
we couldn't even get porn. We had to get this dude,
Nick on Friday with draws a pitchs and, you know, cross for the weekend.
$4 to this dude, Nick $4.
For drawings, bro.
You'd pay eight <laugh> and he had a nice thing, bro.
And you would fold that thing up, bro. You could feel it heat.
And in your butt pocket the whole way on the bus, sometimes you'd even,
was that good? The pictures was that good? Oh, he was so good.
He'd jerk off this guy's drawings. Oh, everybody would,
he must have made probably $60 on a Friday. <laugh> and this was in 1995.
You know that was $60.
Like 160 today. Oh yeah.
Think about that.
Yeah.
I'm thinking about it. Yeah dude.
And we'd come back on Monday and people would have like these busted looking all
sketches, rain on them. People was like, oh, this one got rain on it.
<laugh> like, bro. That's they had that rain history, kids in it. <laugh>.
The.